#253 [Grid] Differentiate between ColumnConfiguration and ColumnData (#259)
pimcore/studio-backend-bundle: doc/03_Grid.md

# Grid

On the request level we have three main components for the grid: `Column`, `ColumnConfiguration` and `ColumnData`.

## Column

> A column is a single column in the grid. It has a name, type adn a local. It is used to get the data for the column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A column is a single column in the grid. It has a name, type and a locale. It is used to get the data for the column.
```

in addition, it has a configuration which can be used to configure the column, like the direction of the sorting

## ColumnConfiguration

> A column configuration is how the column should behave, for example if it should be sortable or editable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A column configuration represents how the column should behave, for example if it should be sort-able or editable. 
```
